Old-Fashioned Cot. There's an old-fashioned cot that stands by the square.
For ninety-odd years that old cot has stood there.
Surrounded by...that was born.
The home of my father, the place where I was born.
You seldom could find a happier lot than our own little family that dwelled in the cot. There were father and mother, brother sister and I, till sickness came o'er us and father did die. Then brother went off to find something to do
And where he had gone there was none ever knew. I tore late and early to keep down the death Of times I can't hear myself pleading with him yet. Please spare the dear old home. Please spare it I did say.
Don't turn out my mother, so feeble and so gray.
My kind, loving sister, so sickly and so pale.
Auctioneer, auctioneer, won't you please stop the sale?
But the auctioneer continued to cry on the sale.
And the very best bidder were a man quite unknown. His money he paid and he purchased our home. Then mother and sister with heart sad and sore Prepared to depart from our old cottage door.
When a stranger spoke saying the sorrows be done. Return to the home, I'm your only lost son. Love and rejoicing was there on that day When brother embraced my old mother.